Document sub plugins (#9873)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/plugins/editor/making_plugins.rst

        // Replace this value with a PascalCase autoload name.
        private const string AutoloadName = "SomeAutoload";

        public override void _EnablePlugin()
        {
            // The autoload can be a scene or script file.
            AddAutoloadSingleton(AutoloadName, "res://addons/MyAddon/SomeAutoload.tscn");
        }

        public override void _DisablePlugin()
        {
            RemoveAutoloadSingleton(AutoloadName);
        }
    }
    #endif

Using sub-plugins
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Often a plugin adds multiple things, for example a custom node and a panel.

> In those cases it might be easier to have an own plugin script for each of those features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In those cases it might be easier to have a separate plugin script for each of those features.
```

> Sub-plugin can be used for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sub-pluginz can be used for this.
```

Author: Do you mean `Sub-plugins`?

Reviewer: Yes my bad

Author: Well with English I'm never sure about anything 😅

Reviewer: English is massively confusing and just three or four languages in a trenchcoat 🙃

First create all plugins and sub plugins as normal plugins:

.. image:: img/sub_plugin_creation.webp

Then move the sub plugins into the main plugin folder:

.. image:: img/sub_plugin_moved.webp

> Godot will hide sub-plugins from the plugin list, so to a user can't enable or disable them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Godot will hide sub-plugins from the plugin list, so that a user can't enable or disable them.
```
